remove color modifier for studio users (#3896)
six7/figma-tokens: .changeset/nice-rats-dance.md

---
"@tokens-studio/figma-plugin": patch
---

> Color token modifiers are not available to Studio users, so the modifier section is now hidden when the active storage provider is tokensstudio-oauth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Color token modifiers are not available to Studio users, so the modifier section is now hidden when the active storage provider is Studio. Instead, Studio users would use TokenScript, read more at https://documentation-v2.tokens.studio/getting-started/glossary.html#schema-defined-function
```
